Python - Inheritance
This repo contains exercises on inheritance in Python, carried out as part of the Holberton School programme.

Objectives
Understand the concept of inheritance in Python
Know how to define a class that inherits from another class
Know how to use single and multiple inheritance
Know how to redefine and extend inherited methods
Know how to use the super keyword to access methods of parent classes
Know how to check the type and identity of objects
Prerequisites
Python 3 installed on your computer
Have a text editor or IDE for writing Python code
Have a GitHub account to clone the repo
Installation
To clone the repo, run the following command:

git clone https://github.com/holbertonschool/higher_level_programming.git

Then go to the python-inheritance folder :

cd higher_level_programming/python-inheritance

Usage
Each file in the python-inheritance folder contains a Python script that illustrates an aspect of inheritance in Python. To run a script, use the command python3 followed by the file name. For example :

python3 0-lookup.py

You can also import files as Python modules and use the functions and classes they define. For example: :

Python

>>> from 1-my_list import MyList
>>> my_list = MyList()
>>> my_list.append(1)
>>> my_list.append(2)
>>> my_list.append(3)
>>> print(my_list)
[1, 2, 3]
>>> my_list.print_sorted()
[1, 2, 3]

Code generated by the AI. Examine and use carefully. More information in the FAQ.
Author
This repo was created by students at Holberton School.